---
layout: post
title: "My Setup"
description: "My Setup Interview"
category: articles
tags: [sample post, images, test]
comments: false
---

I am doing The Setup interview for myself. It is basically based on these four questions:

- Who are you and what do you do?
- What hardware do you use?
- And what software?
- What would be your dream setup?

So here it goes:

### Who are you and what do you do?

Hello, I am Vinit and work as a software developer at this awesome Dutch startup,[Changer](http://changer.nl). I mostly write code in JavaScript and Python. 

### What hardware do you use?

I use a Macbook Pro, Mid 2009, with 8 GB Ram and 256 GB SSD. I use
30-inch BenQ Monitors, apple wired keyboard, Logitech GT400 at work. 
At home, I have a 22-inch Dell monitor with same keyboard and mouse. I
use Steelseries Headphones for listening to Music.
For storage and backups, I use a Western Digital 512GB Hard disk.

I also have an old Dell laptop with Windows7 and Ubuntu on it.
 
I have a HTC Desire X as my headphone with Android Jelly Bean. I like
this phone a lot and it does almost everything I required without burning
a hole in my pocket.

### And What Software?

I use OS X Mavericks as my primary operating system.  
Well here is the list of Software I use:

For writing code, I only use Macvim. For browsing I use Chrome, firefox,
safari and IE (for testing mostly on VM). For running other OSes I use
Virtualbox.

I love [Dash](http://kapeli.com/dash). They are really awesome way to
read documentation of various stacks. 

For tweeting I use default twitter client on both mac and android. I
think they are pretty good. 

For music, iTunes suffices though I do listen to Winamp too.

My shell consists of a highly optimised Zsh configuration. For Django
related work I use PG Commander to view databases. For time tracking I
like toggl(https://www.toggl.com/).

### What would be your dream setup?

My dream setup would be couple of Big 30-inch monitors. I would also
love a room with library and a nice dark corner to work.



